Fix(eos_validate_state): ANTA Add conditions to skip tests if a device is not deployed (#3272)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_validate_state/ANTA-Preview.md

- Hardware tests are now collapsed.
- Some description of tests have been updated to be more precise.
- Sorting of the test results is now done per device as opposed to per category.

> - All tests will be skipped for a device flagged as undeployed using the host level variable [`is_deployed: false`](https://avd.sh/en/stable/roles/eos_designs/docs/input-variables.html#flagging-a-device-as-not-deployed). Additionally, all tests excluding BGP will now consider the undeployed devices and skip tests accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All tests will be skipped for a device flagged as undeployed using the host level variable [`is_deployed: false`](https://avd.sh/en/stable/roles/eos_designs/docs/input-variables.html#flagging-a-device-as-not-deployed). Additionally, all tests excluding BGP (for now) take into account the `is_deployed` variable value and skip tests accordingly.
```

Author: Fixed in 9109563
